Doc'd writing integration tests for the system check framework. (#17406)
django/django: docs/topics/checks.txt

        )
    ]
    self.assertEqual(errors, expected_errors)

Writing integration tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Given the need to register certain checks when the application loads,
it can be useful to test their integration within the system checks
framework. This can be accomplished by using
:func:`~django.core.management.call_command`.

For example, this test demonstrates that the :setting:`SITE_ID` setting must be
an integer, a built-in
:ref:`check from the sites framework<contrib-app-checks-sites>`::

    from django.core.management import call_command
    from django.core.management.base import SystemCheckError
    from django.test import TestCase, modify_settings, override_settings

    class SystemCheckIntegrationTest(TestCase):
        @override_settings(SITE_ID="a")
        @modify_settings(INSTALLED_APPS={"prepend": "django.contrib.sites"})
        def test_non_integer_site_id(self):

>             regex = r"\(sites.E101\) The SITE_ID setting must be an integer."
>             with self.assertRaisesRegex(SystemCheckError, regex):

Reviewer: Why `assertRaisesRegex` :thinking: ? and not `self.assertRaisesMessage()`
```suggestion
            msg = "(sites.E101) The SITE_ID setting must be an integer."
            with self.assertRaisesMessage(SystemCheckError, msg):
```

Author: 🤔 I was under the impression the latter was an equality rather than a membership check. Seeing that isn't the case. Updating!

(Confession: it's been years since I've used unittest)

Author: Updated. This also reveals that there isn't a period at the end of the error message (and of course passed for regex).
